Hugin-0.8.0 release notes

Hugin is a panorama stitcher and more.

Changes since 0.7.0

The last release in October 2008 introduced major changes to the way 
hugin worked.  Although this new release looks and feels much the 
same as 0.7.0, it adds some great new features and makes a lot of 
small improvements:

Fast Preview window

A new Fast Preview window has been added, this uses OpenGL graphics 
acceleration to show changes as they happen.  You can drag photos 
around the window and they will warp to their new positions in 
real-time.  Everything else you need to turn, pan and crop your 
panorama can now be done interactively in the Fast Preview.

This Fast Preview also now acts as a hub for working with a panorama 
project: the Identify mode lets you click on the overlap between two 
photos to bring up the Control Point editor for that pair of photos.

Celeste sky identification

Stitching makes use of static scenery such as buildings to match 
photos together, however objects that move cause misalignments, and 
clouds move enough to be a particular problem.  To make better 
panoramas, Hugin has now been trained as a Support Vector Machine to 
ignore clouds when matching photos.

New panorama projections

Panoramas tend to have a very large field of view, and Hugin does a 
good job simulating virtual wide-angle lenses for output.  But 
painters and artists can do better than photographers, often 
spanning scenes that look absurdly distorted when squeezed into 
photographic perspective.  Influenced by these vedutismo artists, 
Hugin introduces some new projections for more elegant wide-angle 
perspectives: Pannini, Biplane and Triplane.

In addition, Orthographic and Equisolid output have been added to 
Hugin's already extensive set of azimuthal projections.

Batch Processor

Creating Hugin projects is now easier than ever, but actually 
stitching large panoramas slows your computer - Usually at the same 
time that you want to do something else.  Now with the Hugin Batch 
Processor, stitching can be postponed until it is convenient for 
you.

Projects can be added to the queue from Hugin itself, or directly by 
drag-and-drop from a file manager.  In the Batch Processor you get an 
overview of progress where the projects can be easily rearranged, 
paused or canceled.

Online help

The manual has been updated to cover the new features and adds more 
glossary pages explaining panorama and photography related words.

Languages

Most translations have been updated, plus Hugin is now available in 
Slovenian and Chinese Traditional.  The manual has been completely 
translated into Italian.

Other improvements

There are many more changes in this release, here are just some of 
them: a Reset... button in the Camera and Lens tab, better support 
for 'special' characters in folder and file names, Align... now 
works properly when loading saved lens .ini files, hints added to 
Control Point tab pull-down lists, stitching now starts with a 
series of tests, gcc-4.4.0 support, better Makefile plugin support, 
man pages for command-line tools, new button icons throughout and a 
command-line version of Celeste

Control point generators

Hugin doesn't yet ship with a 'Patent Free' control point generator. 
So you either need to pick control points manually - Not as 
difficult as it sounds - or install and configure one of the 
following control-point generators as 'plug-ins':

* autopano-sift-C
* panomatic
* match-n-shift
* Autopano-SIFT
* Autopano freeware version

Upgrading

Upgrading from previous versions of hugin should be seamless.  If you 
do have problems with old settings, these can be reset in the 
Preferences by clicking 'Load defaults'.

For users compiling from source: note that the minimum version of 
wxWidgets supported is now 2.7.0, libpano13 needs to be at least 
2.9.14, and that hugin now requires GLEW, the OpenGL Extension 
Wrangler Library.

See the the README and INSTALL_cmake files for more information.

Thanks to all the contributors to this release and members of the 
hugin-ptx mailing list, too many to mention here.

Hugin can be found at http://hugin.sourceforge.net/

Hugin sourcecode can be downloaded from sourceforge:

https://sourceforge.net/projects/hugin/files/

SHA1SUM: 698f0a7c4bb25efdf06313d05e3980f20d088ce5  hugin-0.8.0.tar.gz

This release is identical to 0.8.0_rc5 and equivalent to svn 4008.

2009-07-07 16:46  yuv

	* src/translations/it.po: Italian translation:
	  - "Assemblaggio" instead of "assemblatura"
	  - "orientamento" instead of "orientazione"
	  - "immagine ancora" instead of "ancora immagine" (ancora =
	  anchor, not ancora = more)

2009-07-07 15:36  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp: fix potential endless loop
	  (Bart van Andel)
	  http://groups.google.com/group/hugin-ptx/msg/6b530f52b6e0629f

2009-07-07 09:54  brunopostle

	* src/translations/es.po: Spanish translation update (José
	  Alejandro Carrillo Neira)

2009-07-05 10:38  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.h: Put wxToggleButtons for images
	  on fast preview frame in a wxPanel to allow colouring from
	  Identify tool under windows

2009-07-01 21:19  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/hugin.png: Fixed-up version of the
	  pixmap icon

2009-07-01 10:33  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp: removed rainbow and use
	  single color to qualify quality of link between images.

2009-06-30 11:02  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp: Add color / quality
	  indication to CP tab
	  http://groups.google.com/group/hugin-ptx/browse_thread/thread/fbfe40c0fb208c4b

2009-06-28 22:30  gpatters1

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp: [2805325] Fix for assertion
	  triggered when F is pressed during CP creation.

2009-06-25 20:17  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/hugin.xml: .pto files are now 'Hugin projects'
	  not 'PToptimizer scripts'

2009-06-24 21:00  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj: [OSX] Remove HAVE_LAPACK
	  settings from XCode project

2009-06-23 05:34  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp: Reset panorama ev value after
	  reset exposure values

2009-06-23 05:33  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.cpp: Fixes initialization of
	  combobox in reset dialog

2009-06-18 08:20  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/about.htm.in: added Thomas Modes to
	  authors in splash screen

2009-06-17 17:46  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: Update ChangeLog for rc4

2009-06-17 05:34  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/PT/PanoImage.h, src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/algorithms/basic/StraightenPanorama.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h,
	  src/tools/align_image_stack.cpp, src/tools/autooptimiser.cpp:
	  More fixes for reading eV value [2805120]

2009-06-14 11:53  brunopostle

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp:
	  Don't test 'rm' as behaviour is inconsistent across platforms

2009-06-13 15:13  gpatters1

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	  src/tools/autooptimiser.cpp: [2805120] Fix autoopmitizer from
	  updating the Ev values of images when recomputing the HFOV.

2009-06-12 05:14  gpatters1

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp: [2801663] - fix for crash
	  when pressing crop button on empty GL preview.

2009-06-10 18:16  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/hugin.desktop,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.desktop: Hungarian translation
	  (Höss Lajos)

2009-06-09 05:55  tmodes

	* src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsUtils.cpp: Don't calculate CP
	  error for projects without images (fix for loading of
	  empty/corrupt projects)

2009-06-08 18:14  dangelo

	* doc/Makefile.am, src/foreign/levmar/Makefile.am,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.am, src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/Makefile.am,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/Makefile.am,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_common/Makefile.am,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Makefile.am,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_fr_FR/Makefile.am,
	  src/hugin1/nona_gui/Makefile.am, src/hugin1/tests/Makefile.am,
	  src/hugin1/tools/Makefile.am: removed obselete Makefile.am files.

2009-06-07 16:17  stativ

	* CMakeLists.txt: Disable LAPACK by default. Enable it by running
	  cmake with -DENABLE_LAPACK=YES.

2009-06-07 15:35  stativ

	* CMakeModules/FindLAPACK.cmake: Fixed LAPACK detection on OpenBSD.

2009-06-05 22:05  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: Update ChangeLog for rc3

2009-06-05 17:50  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp:
	  Fixed test target check for rm on OS X. Thanks to Yulia Kotseruba
	  for the idea.

2009-06-05 05:53  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.h, src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.h: Fixes detection of
	  difference mode capability of Fast Preview Frame

2009-06-05 05:17  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/hugin.desktop,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.desktop,
	  src/translations/de.po: Updated german translation

2009-06-03 07:13  dangelo

	* src/translations/es.po: updated spanisch translation (Jorge
	  Gonzalez)

2009-06-03 02:00  gpatters1

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDragTool.cpp: Fix for GL Preview crash
	  when dragging after image has been removed.

2009-06-02 05:48  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: Some more fix for translations
	  with wide characters

2009-06-02 05:44  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.cpp, src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp: [PTBatcherGUI] Allow
	  toggling of verbose output window during running batch

2009-06-02 05:19  gpatters1

	* src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp: Fix for slowdown of GL
	  preview after changes made to images.

2009-06-01 20:38  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: Update ChangeLog for 0.8.0_rc2

2009-06-01 20:16  brunopostle

	* src/translations/zh_TW.po: Chinese traditional update (Rick
	  Langford)

2009-05-29 22:20  gkohlmeyer

	* src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp: Fixed crash when opening
	  OpenGL preview with image containing alpha channel

2009-05-29 17:32  brunopostle

	* src/translations/zh_TW.po: Updated Chinese Traditional (Rick
	  Langford)

2009-05-29 05:23  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/huginapp/ImageCache.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/huginapp/ImageCache.h: Image cache use memory
	  setting from preferences dialog

2009-05-27 17:48  brunopostle

	* src/translations/it.po: Updated Italian translation (Cristian
	  Marchi, Milo Casagrande)

2009-05-27 08:59  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/pano13.sh: [OSX] minor update
	  pano13.sh script to use new libpano13-2.9.14

2009-05-26 23:31  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp: Remove GLEW related segfault
	  on startup caused by second call to glewInit()

2009-05-25 14:06  harryvanderwolf

	* src/translations/nl.po: minor correction to Dutch translation

2009-05-24 15:12  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/PTBatcherGUI_hack.sh: [OSX] make
	  PTBatcherGUI_hack.sh simpler (leftover from previous commit)

2009-05-24 09:19  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/PTBatcherGUI_hack.sh: [OSX] update
	  PTBatcherGUI_hack.sh: localization in PTBatcgerGui.app now
	  functions

2009-05-24 06:43  stativ

	* CMakeModules/FindLAPACK.cmake: Commit forgotten CMakeModule
	  necessary for finding LAPACK correctly (module bundled with CMake
	  doesn't work correctly in this case)

2009-05-23 10:34  stativ

	* CMakeLists.txt, src/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/foreign/levmar/CMakeLists.txt, src/foreign/levmar/lm.h: Added
	  support for external LAPACK

2009-05-23 08:30  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp: Use ProgressReporterDialog for
	  Fine-Tuning, prevents crash, when translation contains wide char
	  (e. g. Chinese)

2009-05-22 21:14  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/Info.plist,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/MacOS,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/MacOS/PTBatcherGui,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/Resources,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/Resources/AppSettings.plist,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/Resources/English.lproj,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/Resources/English.lproj/InfoPlist.strings,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/Resources/English.lproj/MainMenu.nib,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/Resources/English.lproj/MainMenu.nib/keyedobjects.nib,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/Resources/appIcon.icns,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/Contents/Resources/script,
	  mac/PTBatcherGUI_hack/PTBatcherGUI_hack.sh: [OSX] Add
	  PTBatcherGUI hack, only works on Leopard unfortunately; Add
	  corrected XCode project (for hack)

2009-05-22 08:56  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp: Progress messages on
	  AssistantPanel use wide string.

2009-05-21 20:46  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreferencesDialog.cpp: Add Bulgarian, Chinese
	  Traditional, Korean and Slovenian to the Preferences.
	  These are translatable strings, but it seems better to have the
	  entries even if they are untranslated.

2009-05-21 20:01  brunopostle

	* src/translations/zh_TW.po: Updated Chinese Traditional (Rick
	  Langford)

2009-05-20 18:27  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: revert wrong part of
	  previous commit

2009-05-20 17:36  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: Fix broken code checking
	  for enfused/normal panoramas. Put layered output into layered
	  output.

2009-05-19 05:45  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.h:
	  Set svn:keywords property to Id for CPImagesComboBox and
	  ResetDialog

2009-05-19 05:24  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.h:
	  Add license header and author for CPImagesComboBox and
	  ResetDialog

2009-05-19 00:54  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp: cleanup

2009-05-19 00:51  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.h: add number of control points
	  to dropdown

2009-05-18 19:52  brunopostle

	* src/translations/zh_TW.po: Updated Chinese Traditional
	  translation (Rick Langford)

2009-05-17 04:09  gpatters1

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h: Removed unnecesary ifdefs
	  for exiv2

2009-05-16 20:08  brunopostle

	* src/celeste/ContrastFilter.cpp, src/celeste/ContrastFilter.h,
	  src/celeste/GaborFilter.cpp, src/celeste/GaborFilter.h,
	  src/celeste/GaborGlobal.h, src/celeste/GaborJet.cpp,
	  src/celeste/GaborJet.h, src/celeste/ImageFile.cpp,
	  src/celeste/ImageFile.h, src/celeste/LogPolar.cpp,
	  src/celeste/LogPolar.h, src/celeste/PGMImage.cpp,
	  src/celeste/PGMImage.h, src/celeste/Utilities.cpp,
	  src/celeste/Utilities.h, src/celeste/svm.cpp, src/celeste/svm.h:
	  Add license headers for Gapor API and libsvm imported code
	  (Andreas Metzler)

2009-05-16 20:01  brunopostle

	* src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt, src/celeste/Celeste.h,
	  src/celeste/CelesteGlobals.cpp, src/celeste/CelesteGlobals.h,
	  src/celeste/Config.h.linux, src/celeste/Config.h.win32,
	  src/celeste/Gabor.h, src/celeste/training/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/celeste/training/CelesteTrain.h,
	  src/celeste/training/create_svm_data_10_fold.pl,
	  src/celeste/training/get_flickr_clouds.pl,
	  src/celeste/training/parse_results.pl,
	  src/celeste/training/svm_learn_class_10_fold.pl: Add celeste
	  copyright headers (Andreas Metzler)

2009-05-15 16:35  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj: [OSX]adjust XCode project to
	  support complete changeover to exiv2 and removal of jhead

2009-05-15 15:39  gpatters1

	* src/CMakeLists.txt, src/foreign/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/foreign/jhead: Removed jhead from build environment entirely.

2009-05-15 15:13  gpatters1

	* src/tools/fulla.cpp: Replaced jhead with exiv2 in fulla.

2009-05-15 13:38  gpatters1

	* CMakeLists.txt, src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp: Fixes to add
	  time-series button for non-jpeg images. NOTE: libexiv2 is now
	  required to build hugin.

2009-05-14 16:37  brunopostle

	* src/translations/zh_TW.po: Chinese Traditional translation (Rick
	  Langford)

2009-05-11 22:16  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt: wxWidgets >= 2.7.0 required bug #2721752

2009-05-10 14:57  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp: Assistant tab -> Align: Use
	  Fast Preview instead of old Preview window

2009-05-09 12:58  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/ProjectListBox.h: PTBatcherGUI: Change
	  Prefix shows already choosen prefix to edit

2009-05-08 23:31  gkohlmeyer

	* CMakeLists.txt, CMakeModules/FindBoost.cmake,
	  CMakeModules/FindExiv2.cmake: Updated CMake files for boost
	  1.39.0, exiv2-0.18.1 and wxWidgets 2.8.10

2009-05-08 20:30  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/CMakeLists.txt: Don't
	  install .txt files with manual

2009-05-08 16:59  gkohlmeyer

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.cpp: [FIX] Better handling
	  of OpenGL difference tool and OpenGL capabilities detection

2009-05-08 05:28  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp: Right centering of
	  indication bar in image combobox on CP panel

2009-05-07 21:37  brunopostle

	* doc/CMakeLists.txt, doc/PTBatcherGUI.1, doc/align_image_stack.1,
	  doc/align_image_stack.pod, doc/autooptimiser.1,
	  doc/autooptimiser.pod, doc/celeste_standalone.1,
	  doc/celeste_standalone.pod, doc/fulla.1, doc/fulla.pod,
	  doc/hugin.1, doc/hugin.pod, doc/hugin_hdrmerge.1,
	  doc/hugin_hdrmerge.pod, doc/hugin_stitch_project.1,
	  doc/hugin_stitch_project.pod, doc/nona.1, doc/nona.pod,
	  doc/nona_gui.1, doc/nona_gui.pod, doc/pto2mk.1, doc/pto2mk.pod,
	  doc/tca_correct.1, doc/tca_correct.pod, doc/vig_optimize.1,
	  doc/vig_optimize.pod: Lots of man page updates

2009-05-07 20:41  brunopostle

	* doc/CMakeLists.txt: nona.txt shouldn't be installed to
	  /usr/share/hugin

2009-05-07 20:36  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/stitch_project/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/stitch_project/hugin_stitch_project.desktop:
	  hugin_stitch_project.desktop is now replaced by
	  PTBatcherGUI.desktop

2009-05-07 17:26  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/static/dmalloc.sh: [OSX] (optional)
	  script to build dmalloc libs

2009-05-06 23:41  brunopostle

	* doc/Makefile.pod2man, doc/PTBatcherGUI.1, doc/PTBatcherGUI.pod,
	  doc/celeste_standalone.1, doc/celeste_standalone.pod,
	  doc/hugin.1, doc/hugin.pod, doc/hugin_stitch_project.1,
	  doc/hugin_stitch_project.pod, doc/nona_gui.1, doc/nona_gui.pod,
	  doc/pto2mk.1, doc/pto2mk.pod, doc/tca_correct.1,
	  doc/tca_correct.pod, doc/vig_optimize.1, doc/vig_optimize.pod:
	  man page updates

2009-05-05 20:18  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: Update ChangeLog for 0.8.0_rc1

2009-05-05 20:13  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: s/PTTiff2psd/PTtiff2psd/

2009-05-05 20:12  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Camera_and_Lens_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panorama_scripting_in_a_nutshell.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Vig_optimize.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/pages.txt: Update manual
	  from wiki

2009-05-05 08:04  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.desktop: Fix name in desktop
	  file

2009-05-05 05:21  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.cpp: PTBatcherGUI uses language
	  selected in Hugin [win only]

2009-05-04 22:29  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcher.desktop,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.desktop: Remove Linux desktop
	  file for PTBatcher command-line tool since PTBatcherGUI
	  can now be associated with .pto files.

2009-05-04 16:18  stativ

	* src/foreign/levmar/misc_core.c: Fixed crash in photometric
	  optimization (#2629418).
	  Thanks to Milan Knížek for extensive help with testing and to
	  nobody who uploaded the fix to the hugin tracker (patch #2055537)

2009-05-04 05:43  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.h: More fixes for synchronisation
	  between PTBatcher and PTBatcherGUI (don't access GUI directly in
	  second thread)

2009-05-02 19:40  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj: [OSX] some updates to XCode
	  project to facilitate latest changes

2009-05-01 21:49  brunopostle

	* src/translations/de.po: German translation update (Joachim
	  Schneider)

2009-04-30 05:20  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.h: Fixes for setting options of
	  PTBatcherGUI with command line

2009-04-29 05:27  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.cpp: Fixes keyboard handling in
	  PTBatcherGUI

2009-04-29 05:22  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.cpp: Use sockets for
	  interprocess communication with PTBatcherGUI on linux

2009-04-28 14:57  brunopostle

	* src/translations/zh_CN.po: Updated Simplified Chinese translation
	  #2782589 (Lu Fang)

2009-04-28 05:37  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp: Fixes memory leak in
	  PTBatcherGUI

2009-04-28 05:33  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp: Send to Batch in Hugin
	  starts PTBatcherGUI and adds project to queue

2009-04-27 18:44  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: Update ChangeLog for 0.8.0_beta4

2009-04-26 20:17  gpatters1

	* src/hugin1/PT/PanoToolsUtils.h: Add last missing file from commit
	  3803

2009-04-26 20:14  gpatters1

	* src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsUtils.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsUtils.h: Add missing files from
	  last commit

2009-04-26 20:12  gpatters1

	* src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.h, src/hugin_base/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsOptimizerWrapper.cpp: Compute
	  errors for control points after loading an existing project

2009-04-26 09:40  tmodes

	* CMakeLists.txt, src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.h: Allow only one PTBatcherGUI
	  instance, command line parameters of second start are transfered
	  to first instance (using DDE on windows and TCP over port 4242 on
	  linux)

2009-04-26 07:26  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.h: More fixes for synchronisation
	  between PTBatcherGUI and PTBatcher (safer thread, added
	  wxDIR_HIDDEN to file search flags)

2009-04-24 23:23  brunopostle

	* src/translations/nl.po: Dutch update, mainly changing 'batch' to
	  'bulk' (Niels Giesen)

2009-04-22 19:09  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt: Don't put doxygen docs in tarball

2009-04-22 18:50  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: update ChangeLog

2009-04-22 05:26  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp: Tried to fix a
	  synchronisation issue between ptbatchergui and ptbatcher

2009-04-21 21:58  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Control_Points_table.html,
	  src/translations/bg.po, src/translations/ca_ES.po,
	  src/translations/cs_CZ.po, src/translations/de.po,
	  src/translations/en_GB.po, src/translations/es.po,
	  src/translations/fr.po, src/translations/hu.po,
	  src/translations/hugin.pot, src/translations/it.po,
	  src/translations/ja.po, src/translations/ko.po,
	  src/translations/nl.po, src/translations/pl.po,
	  src/translations/pt_BR.po, src/translations/ru.po,
	  src/translations/sk.po, src/translations/sl.po,
	  src/translations/sv.po, src/translations/uk.po,
	  src/translations/zh_CN.po: Fix for svn 3783

2009-04-21 20:39  brunopostle

	* src/translations/es.po: Spanish translation update (Eduardo
	  Pérez)

2009-04-20 05:37  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.h: Added some documentation

2009-04-19 22:54  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Celeste_standalone.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Optimization.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Using_Celeste_with_hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Vig_optimize.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/pages.txt: wiki manual
	  updates

2009-04-17 05:49  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/stitch_project/hugin_stitch_project.cpp: Fix for
	  compiler warning in hugin_stitch_project

2009-04-16 21:45  brunopostle

	* src/dox/headerFile, src/dox/mainpage.dox: more doxygen tweaks

2009-04-16 21:05  brunopostle

	* src/Doxyfile, src/dox/footerFile, src/dox/headerFile: more
	  doxygen tweaks

2009-04-16 19:57  brunopostle

	* src/Doxyfile: update doxygen configuration, this is now updated
	  nightly at
	  http://hugin.sourceforge.net/docs/html/

2009-04-15 18:15  brunopostle

	* doc/batch-processing/README.batch: update the still incomplete
	  Makefile stitching documentation

2009-04-15 18:14  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Celeste_cpeditor_post.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Celeste_cpeditor_pre.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Celeste_done.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Celeste_images_panel.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Celeste_preferences.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Celeste_standalone.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Images_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Preferences.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Pto2mk.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Using_Celeste_with_hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/pages.txt: update manual
	  from wiki

2009-04-12 09:14  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AutoCtrlPointCreator.cpp: Make error message in
	  case of too many arguments a bit clearer

2009-04-09 06:07  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPListFrame.cpp: capitalize first letters of the
	  column names (Yulia Kotseruba)

2009-04-09 05:24  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/assistant_panel.xrc: Fixes crop of text on
	  assistant tab [2686486]

2009-04-08 18:48  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/about.htm.in: added Eduardo Pérez
	  Esteban to list of translators in credits

2009-04-08 15:33  yuv

	* src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.cpp: optimization of
	  shear parameters (Dev Ghosh)
	  http://groups.google.com/group/hugin-ptx/msg/3a02914aed434018

2009-04-08 14:52  yuv

	* src/translations/es.po: Updated Spanish Translation (Eduardo
	  Pérez Esteban)
	  http://groups.google.com/group/hugin-ptx/msg/87f2b35115254c70

2009-04-06 18:21  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/wxmac28.sh: [OSX] Modify wxmac28.sh
	  for use with wxmac 2.8.10

2009-04-06 05:40  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.cpp: Activate difference
	  tool also when only the right subset (GL_EXT_blend_substract) of
	  OpenGL extendsion GL_ARB_imaging is available

2009-04-06 05:37  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp: Restore last used blend mode
	  in fast preview window at next startup

2009-04-04 14:43  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: [OSX] Undo patch 3705 after
	  patch 3765

2009-04-03 07:14  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/enblend.sh: [OSX] correct stupid
	  typo in enblend.sh in last change for commit 3763

2009-04-02 20:42  jlegg

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp: Fix crash when Hugin was
	  closed without using the fast preview introduced in 3768.

2009-04-01 14:02  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/batch_toolbar.xrc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/add_project.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/add_project.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/add_projects.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/add_projects.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/pause.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/pause.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/remove_project.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/remove_project.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/skip.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/skip.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/start.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/start.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/stop.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/stop.svg: New toolbar icons for
	  PTBatcherGUI

2009-04-01 05:42  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp: Redraw fast preview after resize
	  (missing file from last commit)

2009-04-01 05:37  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp: Redraw fast preview after
	  resize

2009-03-31 23:00  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Enfuse_reference_manual.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_translation_guide.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panoglview.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Tca_correct.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/pages.txt: minor help update

2009-03-30 14:09  jlegg

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp: Fix bug 2318435: Hugin
	  crashes when Crop is used in OpenGL preview.

2009-03-29 16:12  ippei

	* src/translations/ja.po: Some progress in Japanese translation,
	  still 98 messages to go.

2009-03-29 16:10  ippei

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/MyProgressDialog.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/base_wx/MyProgressDialog.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp: Partial implementation of
	  wide character support to the Progress API in
	  ProgressReporterDialog class. Without this, Hugin crashes in
	  Japanese when Celeste is used.

2009-03-29 16:08  ippei

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/patch-xrc.sh: Mac:
	  celeste model to be installed in the xrc/data dir as with other
	  platforms

2009-03-29 16:06  ippei

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp: Mac: open hugin without
	  hugin path

2009-03-29 11:20  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/enblend.sh: [OSX] Update enblend
	  script to use zlib. Otherwise Deflate option for tiffs doesn't
	  work

2009-03-28 23:15  dangelo

	* src/translations/es.po: updates spanish translation (Jorge
	  González)

2009-03-26 20:30  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt, src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/fetch.sh:
	  exclude some more files from package_source target

2009-03-26 15:28  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/platform.h: small whitespace change

2009-03-26 00:02  brunopostle

	* src/translations/sv.po: Updated Swedish translation (Ulf
	  Wilhelmson)

2009-03-25 18:38  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: update

2009-03-24 06:25  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.h: Added drop target to
	  PTBatcherGUI for directories and project files

2009-03-23 06:44  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.cpp: Fixes crash when not overwriting
	  output in PTBatcherGUI [2696662]

2009-03-21 20:22  harryvanderwolf

	* src/translations/nl.po: updated dutch translation

2009-03-21 00:11  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/hugin.desktop,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.desktop,
	  src/hugin1/stitch_project/hugin_stitch_project.desktop: French
	  translations for .desktop files Bug #2694281 (Jean-Luc Coulon)

2009-03-21 00:05  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt: don't pack ptbatcher/* binaries

2009-03-20 06:25  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp: Save explicit changed batch
	  queue in PTBatcherGUI (for synchronisation with PTBatcher)

2009-03-19 13:07  blimbo

	* src/celeste/Main.cpp: small fix for whitespace issue with
	  celeste_standalone

2009-03-19 06:27  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/batch_toolbar.xrc: Allow toggle of pause
	  button in PTBatcherGUI

2009-03-17 21:56  prokoudine

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcher.desktop: added localized lines
	  (ru)

2009-03-17 21:46  prokoudine

	* src/translations/ru.po: updated Russian translation

2009-03-17 17:30  brunopostle

	* src/translations/hu.po: Hungarian translation update (Höss Lajos)

2009-03-17 06:31  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcher.cpp: Fix for output of PTBatcher

2009-03-16 21:06  brunopostle

	* src/translations/fr.po: Updated French translation, note this
	  replaces a lot of strings
	  from yesterday's French update (Jean-Luc Coulon)

2009-03-15 22:32  brunopostle

	* src/translations/cs_CZ.po: updated Czech translation (Vatoz)

2009-03-15 18:18  brunopostle

	* src/translations/fr.po: updated French translation (RizThon)

2009-03-15 15:17  ippei

	* src/translations/ja.po: Japanese translation in progress. 154
	  messages to go.

2009-03-15 15:11  ippei

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.cpp: made some untranslatable strings
	  to use format properly

2009-03-15 14:41  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: [OSX] fix use of celeste.model
	  within mac bundle after svn3705 patch

2009-03-15 13:51  ippei

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/icon_128x128.psd: The original file of
	  Hugin icon on Mac from back in 2005. Based on the works by Luca
	  Vascon, I have made it transparent making sure it is visible on
	  dark background as well.

2009-03-15 12:53  ippei

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/ProjectArray.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/ProjectListBox.h: PTBatcher and PTBatcherGUI
	  include statements fixed.

2009-03-15 12:38  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.cpp, src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp: Some more fixes for
	  synchronization between PTBatcher and PTBatcherGUI

2009-03-15 10:07  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.cpp, src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp: Synchronisation between
	  PTBatcher and PTBatcherGUI [2618908]

2009-03-15 09:07  ippei

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, src/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/PTBatcher, src/PTBatcherGUI, src/hugin1/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher, src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/Batch.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/BatchFrame.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/DirTraverser.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcher.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcher.desktop,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcher.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.desktop,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI_rc.aps,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcherGUI_rc.rc,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcher_rc.aps,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/PTBatcher_rc.rc,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/ProjectArray.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/ProjectArray.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/ProjectListBox.h,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/RunStitchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/ptbatcher/RunStitchFrame.h: moved PTBatcher/ and
	  PTBbatcherGUI/ with wxWidgets dependency to hugin1/ptbatcher/

2009-03-14 21:40  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/hugin.hhc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/hugin.hhk: Italian link for
	  Italian manual (pabloj)

2009-03-14 21:20  brunopostle

	* doc/autooptimiser.1, doc/autooptimiser.pod: minor documentation
	  change

2009-03-14 16:10  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/localise-help.sh, mac/localised.sh: [OSX] updates to
	  localisation neccessary for added italian help files

2009-03-14 15:12  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj: update of XCode project due
	  to changes in svn3694

2009-03-14 07:44  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp: Fix for wrong position of
	  statusbar when starting maximized [2075073]

2009-03-14 07:11  tmodes

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp: Fix for Hugin starts only once
	  from PTBatcherGUI [2194458]

2009-03-14 07:04  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/gl_preview.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/gl_preview.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview.svg: Draw disabled toolbar
	  icons not as block [2659761]

2009-03-13 18:19  stativ

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/about.htm.in: Changed year to the
	  current year in about dialog

2009-03-13 06:23  tmodes

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.cpp: More fixes for translation of
	  PTBatcherGUI

2009-03-12 17:52  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: update

2009-03-12 06:25  tmodes

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp: Fix filename tooltip in fast
	  preview window [2491645]

2009-03-12 01:50  stereo_sl

	* src/translations/sl.po: * added slovenian translation. Tips are
	  not yet translated.

2009-03-11 21:48  gkohlmeyer

	* src/celeste/CelesteGlobals.cpp, src/celeste/ContrastFilter.cpp,
	  src/celeste/GaborFilter.cpp, src/celeste/GaborJet.cpp,
	  src/celeste/LogPolar.cpp, src/celeste/Utilities.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/OptimizePhotometricPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/VertexCoordRemapper.cpp: Code cosmetics to get
	  rid of MSVC compiler warnings C4244, C4305 and C4800

2009-03-11 20:50  gkohlmeyer

	* src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.h: [FIX] Initialize
	  pointer to prevent crash on change of projections in OpenGL
	  preview

2009-03-11 07:33  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp:
	  Changed all tests to be non-fatal. This will be probably changed
	  after 0.8 release.

2009-03-11 06:34  tmodes

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp, src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.h,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/batch_frame.xrc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/batch_menu.xrc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/batch_toolbar.xrc: Modified PTBatcherGUI to
	  use xrc resource files

2009-03-10 12:18  stativ

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/RunStitchPanel.cpp: Do not run test target on
	  Windows. Hopefully it will get fixed later, but now it completely
	  breaks stitching.

2009-03-09 23:01  gkohlmeyer

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.cpp: [FIX] Activate
	  difference tool only if OpenGL extension GL_ARB_imaging is
	  available

2009-03-08 22:54  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: update

2009-03-08 22:11  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt: Fix binary package generator (Kornel Benko)

2009-03-08 22:05  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/0a647fdd7aa9d6bbb8633f8f034bb50e.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/16bit_workflow_with_hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/21cb21c7c1de5b4c61da90794c62bc1a.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/24597ccab188a3598a0828c69e380228.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/29e2300eb2f198d830f04682f14872e2.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/3016f25d3d1249eab1305b78b0b82d3d.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/312418a7fcf9d47adc8e5683e89c58cd.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/428px-Local-analysis-window.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/44ab04cdf6dce93c3e7a7cb1d00e8c83.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/4d2df1ec22beeb53124bd8941ea0db11.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/4e84c278c8ff9bd39bd309031bd3fab4.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/4f16f3edffeeede179fcfeedd155175c.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/531px-Smooth-edge.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/545px-Sharp-edge.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/565px-Gaussian.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/57b296711670bf47db3e71c9f866abad.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/581px-Entropy.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/586px-Laplacian-of-gaussian.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/5a34bb082daf037b3c4b14c13af6855b.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/602px-Entropy-cutoff.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/7410666dfcbeeaa522ddf92427bc74ba.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/7ab63d1bb57f091d55507c4c4c582f03.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/84aad7e0b33f2a1c47ed32902df4f3f3.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/8c2849b63c6f416da3d028b8f8584027.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Aliasing.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Align_a_stack_of_photos.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Align_image_stack.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Alpha_channel.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Aspect_Ratio.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Autooptimiser.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Autopano-sift-C.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Autopano-sift.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Autopano.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Banding.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Barrel_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Bracketing.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/CCD.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Camera_response_curve.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Chromatic_aberration.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Color_correct_tiff.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Colour_profile.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Crop_factor.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Cropped_TIFF.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Cubic.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Cubic_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Cylindrical.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Cylindrical_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Cylindrical_panorama.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Depth_of_Field.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Dust_Removal_with_Flatfield.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Dynamic_range.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/EXIF.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Enblend.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Enblend_reference_manual.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Enfuse.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Enfuse_reference_manual.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Entrance_pupil.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Equirectangular.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Equirectangular_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Field_of_View.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Fisheye_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Focal_Length.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Freepv.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Fulla.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/GIF.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Gamma.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/HDR.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/HDR_workflow_with_hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Horizontal_control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Assistant_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Batch_Processor.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Camera_and_Lens_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Control_Points_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Control_Points_table.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Crop_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Exposure_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_FAQ.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Fast_Preview_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Images_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Keyboard_shortcuts.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Main_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Optimizer_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Preferences.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Preview_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Stitcher_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_translation_guide.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Interpolation.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/JPEG.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Landscape.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Lens_correction_model.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Lens_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/MatchPoint.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/NPP.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Nadir.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/No-parallax_point.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Nodal_Point.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Nona.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Nona_gui.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/OpenEXR.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Optimization.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PNG.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PPI.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PSD.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PTOptimizer.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PTStitcher.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PTblender.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PTmender.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PTtiff2psd.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Pano12.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panoglview.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panoinfo.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panomatic.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panorama.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panorama_formats.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panorama_tools.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Panotools.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Parallax.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Perspective_correction.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Perspective_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Pincushion_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Pitch.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Portrait.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Projections.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/QTVR.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/RAW.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/RGBE.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Rectilinear_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Roll.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Spherical.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Stereographic_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Straight_line_control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/TIFF.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Tone_mapping.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Vertical_control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Vignetting.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Wavy_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Yaw.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Zenith.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/a70d0c9b2e529c999ec05569e1638668.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/a957404c96e59f1746f97ab668c8e1f8.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/b79407c343611ecb4ce1d32612c4450e.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/bfe8b8159acf66b3ea23c52611fb819a.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/c0b5b12823e29c77eb078c88f073ca53.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/ce281f4af694833d9a03cde3b6fd5e09.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/de5e907611af21c23afe7d0e24d2c1ae.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/dewiki.pl,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/f103730f19548bcf3e7bc170fb1f7860.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/f44fbe128fd280b77a856b2275d7a655.png:
	  update manual from wiki

2009-03-08 21:32  brunopostle

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.h: More fixes for PTBatcherGUI
	  i18n (Thomas Modes)

2009-03-06 17:57  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/hugin.hhc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/hugin.hhk,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Aliasing.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Barrel_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Chromatic_aberration.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cubic.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cubic_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cylindrical.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cylindrical_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Dust_Removal_with_Flatfield.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Enblend.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Enfuse.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Equirectangular.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Equirectangular_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Field_of_View.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Fisheye_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Focal_Length.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Batch_Processor.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Fast_Preview_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Main_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Preview_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Interpolation.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Lens_correction_model.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Panoglview.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Panorama_formats.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Parallax.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Perspective_correction.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Pincushion_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Projections.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Rectilinear_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Stereographic_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Wavy_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/relink-images.pl: Integrate
	  Italian help docs, needs testing

2009-03-06 13:41  stativ

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/RunStitchPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp:
	  Added test target to panorama makefile

2009-03-06 00:17  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/16bit_workflow_with_hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Aliasing.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Align_a_stack_of_photos.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Align_image_stack.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Alpha_channel.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Aspect_Ratio.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Autooptimiser.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Autopano-sift-C.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Autopano-sift.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Autopano.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Banding.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Barrel_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Bracketing.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/CCD.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Camera_response_curve.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Chromatic_aberration.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Color_correct_tiff.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Colour_profile.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Crop_factor.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cropped_TIFF.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cubic.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cubic_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cylindrical.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cylindrical_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Cylindrical_panorama.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Depth_of_Field.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Dust_Removal_with_Flatfield.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Dynamic_range.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/EXIF.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Enblend.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Enfuse.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Entrance_pupil.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Equirectangular.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Equirectangular_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Field_of_View.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Fisheye_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Focal_Length.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Freepv.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Fulla.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/GIF.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Gamma.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/HDR.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/HDR_workflow_with_hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Horizontal_control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Assistant_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Batch_Processor.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Batch_Stitcher.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Camera_and_Lens_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Control_Points_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Control_Points_table.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Crop_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Exposure_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_FAQ.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Fast_Preview_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Images_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Keyboard_shortcuts.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Main_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Optimizer_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Preferences.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Preview_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_Stitcher_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Hugin_translation_guide.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Interpolation.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/JPEG.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Landscape.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Lens_correction_model.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Lens_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/MatchPoint.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/NPP.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Nadir.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/No-parallax_point.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Nodal_Point.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Nona.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Nona_gui.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/OpenEXR.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Optimization.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/PNG.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/PPI.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/PSD.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/PTOptimizer.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/PTStitcher.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/PTblender.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/PTmender.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/PTtiff2psd.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Pano12.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Panoglview.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Panoinfo.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Panomatic.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Panorama.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Panorama_formats.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Panorama_tools.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Panotools.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Parallax.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Perspective_correction.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Perspective_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Pincushion_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Pitch.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Portrait.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Projections.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/QTVR.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/RAW.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/RGBE.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Rectilinear_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Roll.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Spherical.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Stereographic_Projection.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Straight_line_control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/TIFF.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Tone_mapping.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Vertical_control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Vignetting.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Wavy_distortion.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Yaw.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/Zenith.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_it_IT/license.html: Italian
	  manual, needs integrating (Cristian)

2009-03-04 22:33  gkohlmeyer

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.h:
	  [Win32] Fix of flicker effect on redraw in OpenGL preview

2009-03-04 21:07  gkohlmeyer

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: Simplified determination of
	  celeste model file name on XRC path; Conforming result dialogs
	  for celeste

2009-03-04 19:14  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPListFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/PanoDruid.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreferencesDialog.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/RunStitcherFrame.cpp: cleanup redundancy
	  MainFrame::Get()->GetXRCPath() - huginApp::Get()->GetXRCPath().
	  may still have clean up potential in MainFrame.cpp and
	  MainFrame.h

2009-03-04 03:11  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: fix: fixed path for celeste
	  model file breaks Windows installer

2009-03-03 21:44  brunopostle

	* src/celeste/Gabor.cpp: Fix for celeste_standalone crash bug
	  #2534940 (anon)

2009-03-02 22:56  brunopostle

	* src/translations/de.po: Update German translation (Joachim
	  Schneider)

2009-03-02 22:44  brunopostle

	* src/deghosting/hugin_hdrmerge.cpp: hugin_hdrmerge -h should
	  return success (Lukáš Jirkovský)

2009-03-02 19:30  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt, ChangeLog: make package_source: create tar.bz2
	  tarball instead of tar.Z

2009-03-02 00:03  brunopostle

	* src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/utils.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/PTScriptParsing.cpp: Fixes for gcc-4.4.0
	  (Caolán McNamara)

2009-03-01 22:47  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt, src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/LensPanel.h, src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ResetDialog.h, src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/lens_panel.xrc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/reset_dialog.xrc,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.h, src/translations/bg.po,
	  src/translations/ca_ES.po, src/translations/cs_CZ.po,
	  src/translations/de.po, src/translations/en_GB.po,
	  src/translations/es.po, src/translations/fr.po,
	  src/translations/hu.po, src/translations/hugin.pot,
	  src/translations/it.po, src/translations/ja.po,
	  src/translations/ko.po, src/translations/nl.po,
	  src/translations/pl.po, src/translations/pt_BR.po,
	  src/translations/ru.po, src/translations/sk.po,
	  src/translations/sv.po, src/translations/uk.po,
	  src/translations/zh_CN.po: Add 'Reset...' button to Camera and
	  Lens tab + 8 new translation strings (Thomas Modes)

2009-03-01 09:28  stativ

	* src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.cpp:
	  Changed wxConvUTF8 in PTBatcher to wxConvLocal. It should fix
	  problems with non ASCII characters under Windows.

2009-03-01 08:05  stativ

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.cpp: Some fix for UTF-8 with Send to
	  batch. It should fix bug #2618889.

2009-03-01 05:20  ippei

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp: Mac: edit in Hugin fixed.

2009-02-28 22:47  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: update ChangeLog from svn

2009-02-28 22:11  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Align_image_stack.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Enblend_reference_manual.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Enfuse.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Enfuse_reference_manual.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Entropy-cutoff.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Entropy.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Gaussian.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Stitcher_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Laplacian-of-gaussian.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Local-analysis-window.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Projections.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Sharp-edge.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Smooth-edge.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/pages.txt: Update manual
	  from wiki

2009-02-28 17:08  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt: set CPACK_PACKAGE_CONTACT & SET_DESTDIR (Kornel
	  Benko)

2009-02-28 16:47  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/localised.sh: [OSX] Only english and french help pages
	  available in bundle. Softlink all other languages to english help
	  pages in bundle

2009-02-28 16:21  ippei

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/readme.txt,
	  mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/boost.sh,
	  mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libpng.sh,
	  mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj: Mac: updated external
	  libraries.

2009-02-28 13:34  ippei

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.cpp: Mac: fixed Mac specific codes.

2009-02-28 13:32  ippei

	* mac/localise-help.sh: Mac: Help files now properly handled for
	  English and French.

2009-02-28 13:31  ippei

	* mac/Hugin-Info.plist, mac/base_wx-Info.plist,
	  mac/hugin_base-Info.plist, mac/hugin_stitch_project-Info.plist,
	  mac/nona_gui-Info.plist, mac/vigra_impex-Info.plist: Mac: Info
	  files version description revised.

2009-02-28 13:31  ippei

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/PTBatcherGUI-Info.plist,
	  mac/celeste-Info.plist, mac/complete-bundle.sh,
	  mac/copyExifTool.sh, mac/patch-xrc.sh: Mac: compilation fixed for
	  celeste and PTBatcherGUI.

2009-02-28 12:40  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp: Shorten filename when
	  control-point indication bar overlaps in pull-down menu (Thomas
	  Modes)

2009-02-28 12:03  stativ

	* src/PTBatcher/Batch.cpp: Use absolute paths in PTBatcher queue.
	  Fixes 'Missing' problem.

2009-02-28 11:46  stativ

	* src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher.cpp: Hopefully fixed UTF-8 support with
	  PTBatcher

2009-02-28 00:34  gkohlmeyer

	* CMakeModules/FindBoost.cmake, CMakeModules/win_bundle.cmake:
	  Update of CMake files for boost 1.38.0

2009-02-27 12:56  dangelo

	* src/translations/sk.po: updated slovak translation (Jozef Riha)

2009-02-26 23:59  erik_krause

	* platforms/windows/droplets/enfuse_droplet_360.bat:

2009-02-26 23:58  erik_krause

	* platforms/windows/droplets/enblend_droplet_360.bat:

2009-02-26 21:19  brunopostle

	* doc/nona.txt: Note 'v' and 'c' lines

2009-02-26 00:39  brunopostle

	* doc/nona.txt: Note Ra,Rb,Rc,Rd,Re EMoR parameters

2009-02-25 20:29  pooh22

	* src/translations/nl.po: Very rough translation, not tested in
	  running version, but it's a start.

2009-02-25 10:41  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/optimizer/PTOptimizer.cpp: Doesn't
	  override a,b,c,d settings after using Align.

2009-02-25 08:22  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp:
	  Beautified PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp

2009-02-24 23:16  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPImagesComboBox.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/cp_editor_panel.xrc: Add hints to Control
	  Point tab pull down lists (Thomas Modes)

2009-02-24 21:31  brunopostle

	* src/translations/sv.po: Updated Swedish translation (Ulf
	  Wilhelmson)

2009-02-23 23:22  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: update ChangeLog

2009-02-22 13:32  gkohlmeyer

	* CMakeLists.txt, CMakeModules/FindBoost.cmake: Updated CMake files
	  to find easily static windows boost libraries in SDK

2009-02-20 22:41  brunopostle

	* src/PTBatcher/Batch.cpp, src/PTBatcher/Batch.h: Make PTBatcherGUI
	  translatable (Thomas Modes)

2009-02-20 22:33  brunopostle

	* src/PTBatcher/Batch.cpp: "Batch" is internal string not for
	  translation (Thomas Modes)

2009-02-20 14:16  stativ

	* platforms/linux/smartblend: Removed renaming of outputfile from
	  smartblend wrapper, because it breaks it's use as an alternative
	  enblend program (exiftool tries to use non-existing file).

2009-02-20 14:00  stativ

	* platforms/linux/smartblend: More fixes to smartblend wrapper.

2009-02-20 12:03  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp: Fix crash with Canon
	  (and maybe other) RAW image import. Note that RAW input is still
	  not supported.

2009-02-20 08:11  stativ

	* CMakeModules/FindJPEG.cmake, CMakeModules/FindPNG.cmake,
	  CMakeModules/FindTIFF.cmake, CMakeModules/FindZLIB.cmake,
	  src/PTBatcher/Batch.cpp, src/PTBatcher/Batch.h,
	  src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher.cpp, src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher.h,
	  src/PTBatcher/ProjectArray.cpp, src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.h, src/PTBatcherGUI/DirTraverser.h,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/cp_editor_panel.xrc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pano_panel.xrc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pref_dialog.xrc: Unify line endings to \n

2009-02-20 07:15  stativ

	* platforms/linux/smartblend: Remove --gpu parameter from
	  smartblend parameters

2009-02-19 23:18  yuv

	* platforms/windows/installer/hugin.iss,
	  platforms/windows/installer/hugin_no_patents.iss: added celeste
	  and PTBatcher to InnoSetup installer

2009-02-17 22:56  brunopostle

	* src/translations/bg.po, src/translations/ca_ES.po,
	  src/translations/cs_CZ.po, src/translations/de.po,
	  src/translations/en_GB.po, src/translations/es.po,
	  src/translations/fr.po, src/translations/hu.po,
	  src/translations/hugin.pot, src/translations/it.po,
	  src/translations/ja.po, src/translations/ko.po,
	  src/translations/nl.po, src/translations/pl.po,
	  src/translations/pt_BR.po, src/translations/ru.po,
	  src/translations/sk.po, src/translations/sv.po,
	  src/translations/uk.po, src/translations/zh_CN.po: Add PTBatcher
	  strings

2009-02-17 22:47  brunopostle

	* src/PTBatcher/Batch.cpp, src/PTBatcher/ProjectArray.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.cpp: Attempt to get PTBatcher
	  translation working by replacing _T() with _()

2009-02-16 13:41  stativ

	* src/foreign/vigra/vigra_impex/exr.cxx: Added support for B44
	  compression with OpenEXR 1.6

2009-02-14 23:52  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp: Fix for crash when open fast
	  preview window, bug #2535030

2009-02-14 23:11  brunopostle

	* src/foreign/vigra/vigra_impex/exr.cxx: Fix compilation with
	  OpenEXR 1.4.0

2009-02-13 15:50  stativ

	* src/PTBatcher/Batch.cpp, src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.cpp: Use home directory for storing
	  PTBatcher batch queue instead of temp dir which caused quite
	  serious security problems.

2009-02-12 16:35  stativ

	* src/foreign/vigra/vigra_impex/exr.cxx: Added support for
	  differerent compression algorithms to the Vigra's OpenEXR
	  implementation. Note that Hugin doesn't make use of it yet.

2009-02-12 11:01  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/platform.h: Escape ^ in makefile on
	  Windows. Even thought it's not necessary make interprets \^ as ^
	  which causes problems with folders starting with ^.

2009-02-12 00:33  brunopostle

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp: Fix Batch Processor help link

2009-02-11 20:55  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk,
	  src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp:
	  Define some variables in the .pto.mk file to give plugin
	  Makefiles hints about
	  what kind of panorama it is: HUGIN_PROJECTION HUGIN_HFOV
	  HUGIN_WIDTH
	  HUGIN_HEIGHT DO_LDR_BLENDED DO_LDR_STACKED_BLENDED
	  DO_HDR_BLENDED. Use them in
	  the example plugin Makefile.

2009-02-11 12:45  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/platform.h: Second part to the
	  previous fix. Also do not escape colon in escapeStringMake() in
	  Windows as it breaks use of absolute pathnames and it's not
	  neccessary as : is not allowed to use in filename.

2009-02-11 12:24  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/platform.h: Fix problem with makefile
	  when absolute paths are used.

2009-02-10 23:33  brunopostle

	* README: Note that gnu make is required for stitching

2009-02-10 21:47  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog, README: housekeeping

2009-02-10 21:30  brunopostle

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp:
	  Fix stack detection when spanning 180 degree boundary, bug
	  #2084923

2009-02-10 11:15  stativ

	* src/hugin1/PT/utils.h, src/hugin1/base_wx/RunStitchPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.h,
	  src/tools/pto2mk.cpp: Export temp directory settings to makefile,
	  so programs invoked by make can use it. Should fix bug #2036114.

2009-02-09 21:43  gkohlmeyer

	* CMakeLists.txt, CMakeModules/FindBoost.cmake,
	  CMakeModules/FindExiv2.cmake: Updated cmake files for new hugin
	  SDK; may rise problems due to naming of wxWidgets directory

2009-02-08 22:36  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Gl_preview.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Main_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_center_pano.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_edit_add.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_filenew.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_fileopen.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_filesave.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_filesaveas.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_fit_pano.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_info.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_list.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_optimize.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_preview.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_preview_auto_update.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_preview_num_transform.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_preview_show_all.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_preview_show_none.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_redo.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_reload.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_straighten_pano.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_undo.png: Update
	  manual

2009-02-08 18:11  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.cpp, src/translations/bg.po,
	  src/translations/ca_ES.po, src/translations/cs_CZ.po,
	  src/translations/de.po, src/translations/en_GB.po,
	  src/translations/es.po, src/translations/fr.po,
	  src/translations/hu.po, src/translations/hugin.pot,
	  src/translations/it.po, src/translations/ja.po,
	  src/translations/ko.po, src/translations/nl.po,
	  src/translations/pl.po, src/translations/pt_BR.po,
	  src/translations/ru.po, src/translations/sk.po,
	  src/translations/sv.po, src/translations/uk.po,
	  src/translations/zh_CN.po: Attempt to provide translatable
	  strings for projection names

2009-02-08 16:29  brunopostle

	* src/translations/de.po: Fix mismatching `msgid' and `msgstr'
	  entries (Harry van der Wolf)

2009-02-07 13:44  stativ

	* platforms/linux/smartblend, platforms/linux/smartblend.README:
	  Some polishing to the smartblend wrapper. Now it also removes
	  --compresion with numerical value (for JPEG files). Use wine's
	  return value as a return value of script. Added possibility to
	  override settings by setting SMARTBLEND variable.

2009-02-06 23:08  brunopostle

	* src/translations/de.po: German translation update (Joachim
	  Schneider)

2009-02-06 23:08  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/info.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/info.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/list.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/list.svg: More icon tweaks

2009-02-05 23:44  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt, ChangeLog: housekeeping

2009-02-04 08:50  stativ

	* src/deghosting/hugin_hdrmerge.cpp, src/deghosting/khan.cpp,
	  src/deghosting/khan.h: Change changes from r3619. The -w option
	  is no longer used. Luminance images usage can now be disabled by
	  -a n. Also pass information about it not by string but by flags
	  in adv_opts.

2009-02-03 20:49  brunopostle

	* src/hugin_base/appbase/ProgressDisplayOld.h: first gcc-4.4.0 fix,
	  probably there will be more...

2009-02-02 23:31  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/edit_add.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/edit_add.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/filenew.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/filenew.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/fileopen.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/fileopen.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/filesave.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/filesave.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/filesaveas.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/filesaveas.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/gl_preview.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/gl_preview.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/list.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/list.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/redo.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/redo.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/undo.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/undo.svg: More tinkering with icons

2009-02-02 21:54  dangelo

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ChoosyRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/VertexCoordRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.h: Applied patch for
	  biplane and triplane projections (unknown author),
	  http://sourceforge.net/tracker/?func=detail&atid=550443&aid=2556303&group_id=77506

2009-02-02 20:46  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt, doc/CMakeLists.txt, doc/Makefile.pod2man,
	  doc/align_image_stack.1, doc/autooptimiser.1, doc/fulla.1,
	  doc/hugin.1, doc/hugin_hdrmerge.1, doc/hugin_stitch_project.1,
	  doc/nona.1, doc/nona_gui.1, doc/vig_optimize.1: add man pages
	  (Cyril Brulebois)

2009-02-01 21:30  brunopostle

	* src/celeste/training/README, src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pref_dialog.xrc, src/translations/bg.po,
	  src/translations/ca_ES.po, src/translations/cs_CZ.po,
	  src/translations/de.po, src/translations/en_GB.po,
	  src/translations/es.po, src/translations/fr.po,
	  src/translations/hu.po, src/translations/hugin.pot,
	  src/translations/it.po, src/translations/ja.po,
	  src/translations/ko.po, src/translations/nl.po,
	  src/translations/pl.po, src/translations/pt_BR.po,
	  src/translations/ru.po, src/translations/sk.po,
	  src/translations/sv.po, src/translations/uk.po,
	  src/translations/zh_CN.po: Fix typo s/paramaters/parameters/
	  (Simon Oosthoek)

2009-02-01 20:36  pooh22

	* src/translations/nl.po: string-updates first attempt pre-0.8.0

2009-02-01 08:23  stativ

	* src/deghosting/hugin_hdrmerge.cpp, src/deghosting/khan.cpp,
	  src/deghosting/khan.h: Add -w option to hugin_hdrmerge which
	  allows to choose between luminance image and HDR image itself to
	  be base for generating initial weights.
	  Also fixes bug #2033756.

2009-02-01 00:13  brunopostle

	* src/translations/bg.po, src/translations/ca_ES.po,
	  src/translations/cs_CZ.po, src/translations/de.po,
	  src/translations/en_GB.po, src/translations/es.po,
	  src/translations/fr.po, src/translations/hu.po,
	  src/translations/hugin.pot, src/translations/it.po,
	  src/translations/ja.po, src/translations/ko.po,
	  src/translations/nl.po, src/translations/pl.po,
	  src/translations/pt_BR.po, src/translations/ru.po,
	  src/translations/sk.po, src/translations/sv.po,
	  src/translations/uk.po, src/translations/zh_CN.po: Update
	  translation strings

2009-02-01 00:10  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pref_dialog.xrc: Remove untranslatable
	  strings

2009-01-31 23:37  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Batch_Processor.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Main_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Preferences.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Stitcher_tab.html:
	  Update manual from wiki

2009-01-31 22:51  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/main_menu.xrc: Refer to Batch Processor
	  rather than PTBatcher in menu

2009-01-31 22:45  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Batch_Processor.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Batch_Stitcher.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/pages.txt: fix on 'batch
	  processor' rather than 'batch stitcher'

2009-01-31 17:55  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/MyExternalCmdExecDialog.cpp: slightly reworked
	  bugfix for bug #2075064; contains check for Tiger and Leopard

2009-01-31 03:37  yuv

	* CMakeLists.txt: reverting my mistake (SVN3610)

2009-01-31 02:57  yuv

	* CMakeLists.txt: fix Windows build (In Windows, automatic linking
	  is performed, so you do not have to specify the Boost libraries)

2009-01-31 00:35  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Main_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Preview_window.html:
	  Update manual from wiki

2009-01-31 00:26  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/edit_add.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/edit_add.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/info.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/info.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/list.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/list.svg: More tinkering with icons...

2009-01-30 17:12  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/platform.h: Escape dolar sign ($) in a
	  right way. Fixes bug #2462061.

2009-01-30 15:37  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/platform.h: Escape = in paths in
	  makefile.

2009-01-30 13:27  stativ

	* CMakeLists.txt: Added dependency check for Boost graph, fixes bug
	  #2094656

2009-01-30 00:28  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/edit_add.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/edit_add.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/gl_preview.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/gl_preview.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/info.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/info.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/optimize.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/optimize.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/straighten_pano.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/main_tool.xrc: Icons for main toolbar, needs
	  more work

2009-01-29 23:52  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/main_tool.xrc: Put a fast preview icon on
	  the toolbar

2009-01-29 21:55  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/center_pano.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/center_pano.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/fit_pano.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/fit_pano.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_auto_update.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_auto_update.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_num_transform.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_num_transform.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_show_all.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_show_all.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_show_none.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/preview_show_none.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/reload.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/reload.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/straighten_pano.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/straighten_pano.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/preview_frame.xrc: New icons for the preview
	  windows

2009-01-28 20:39  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/150px-Ben_Equisolid.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/150px-Ben_Orthographic.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/180px-Fast_preview_guide_crop.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/180px-Fast_preview_guide_drag.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/180px-Fast_preview_guide_identify.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/180px-Fast_preview_guide_rotate_drag.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/180px-Fast_preview_guide_start.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/200px-Ben_Architectural.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/200px-Ben_Equirectangular_panini.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/200px-Ben_Lambert_cylindrical_equal_area.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/200px-Ben_Miller_cylindrical.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/200px-Ben_Panini.jpg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/22px-Fast_preview_icon_crop.svg.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/22px-Fast_preview_icon_drag.svg.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/22px-Fast_preview_icon_identify.svg.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/22px-Fast_preview_icon_photometric.svg.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Aliasing.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Align_a_stack_of_photos.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Align_image_stack.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Autopano.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Depth_of_Field.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/EXIF.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Enfuse.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/HDR_workflow_with_hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Horizontal_control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Batch_Stitcher.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Control_Points_table.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_FAQ.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Fast_Preview_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Images_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Main_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Preview_window.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Stitcher_tab.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_add_project.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_cancel_batch.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_clear_batch.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_folder_search.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_open_batch.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_pause_batch.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_remove_project.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_save_batch.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_skip_batch.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_start_batch.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Nona.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Optimization.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/PTStitcher.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Perspective_correction.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Projections.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Vertical_control_points.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Vignetting.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/pages.txt: Update manual
	  from panotools wiki

2009-01-28 17:40  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/pages.txt: New manual pages
	  for batch processor and fast preview

2009-01-28 17:34  stativ

	* src/PTBatcher/CMakeLists.txt, src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher.desktop,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.desktop,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/hugin.desktop,
	  src/hugin1/stitch_project/hugin_stitch_project.desktop: Some
	  changes to desktop files as Bruno suggested in #2538740. I've
	  also removed some deprecated stuff from them.

2009-01-27 23:23  brunopostle

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.h,
	  src/tools/pto2mk.cpp: Fix #2047073 pto2mk doesn't write EXIFTOOL
	  variables (nobody)

2009-01-27 15:20  stativ

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/platform.h, src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/wxPanoCommand.cpp: Add more image filters to Add
	  image dialog. Fixes bug #2031549

2009-01-27 09:22  stativ

	* src/hugin_base/hugin_utils/platform.h: Escape # and : in
	  makefile. Fixes bugs 2106362, 2005561.

2009-01-27 07:56  stativ

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/huginConfig.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp:
	  Use default values for external programs in makefile. Fixes bug
	  2292979 (enblend set as 'false' in the Makefile).

2009-01-25 22:35  brunopostle

	* src/translations/fr.po: Updated French translation (Jean-Luc
	  Coulon)

2009-01-25 19:59  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/ImageCache.cpp: outcommented a lot of cout
	  messages as they overflow the system log

2009-01-25 15:16  yuv

	* src/foreign/levmar/CMakeLists.txt: Windows: warning clean up

2009-01-25 14:33  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/celeste-Config.h: Minor
	  XCode improvements; also adding first PtBatcherGui build

2009-01-24 22:45  brunopostle

	* src/translations/ca_ES.po: Unify all .po encoding to UTF-8

2009-01-24 22:39  brunopostle

	* src/translations/cs_CZ.po: Unify line-endings

2009-01-24 22:35  brunopostle

	* src/translations/bg.po, src/translations/ca_ES.po,
	  src/translations/cs_CZ.po, src/translations/de.po,
	  src/translations/en_GB.po, src/translations/es.po,
	  src/translations/fr.po, src/translations/hu.po,
	  src/translations/it.po, src/translations/ja.po,
	  src/translations/ko.po, src/translations/nl.po,
	  src/translations/pl.po, src/translations/pt_BR.po,
	  src/translations/ru.po, src/translations/sk.po,
	  src/translations/sv.po, src/translations/uk.po,
	  src/translations/zh_CN.po: Update po files with new strings for
	  translation

2009-01-24 22:19  brunopostle

	* src/translations/extract-messages.sh, src/translations/hugin.pot:
	  Update strings for translation

2009-01-17 21:13  yuv

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp: VFOV sliders for
	  Pannini, Architectural, Equi_Pannini (Thomas Modes)

2009-01-17 21:09  yuv

	* CMakeModules/FindPANO13.cmake: fix the "right" pano13 l (Thomas
	  Modes)

2009-01-09 02:49  yuv

	* CMakeModules/FindPANO13.cmake: improved detection of recent
	  libpano builds

2009-01-08 23:51  yuv

	* platforms/windows/smartblend-wrapper/smartblend-hugin.bat: fix
	  path with space (thanks cenda at cendaweb d. cz)

2009-01-03 15:47  yuv

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ChoosyRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/tests/test_projections.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.h,
	  src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.cpp: fixed pannini /
	  equi_pannini to mirror Daniel's changes in libpano13

2008-12-31 17:13  yuv

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ChoosyRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/OutputProjectionInfo.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/VertexCoordRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/tests/test_projections.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.h,
	  src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.cpp: support for new
	  libpano projections architectural, ortographic, equisolid

2008-12-29 21:00  yuv

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/VertexCoordRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/tests/test_projections.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.cpp,
	  src/hugin_base/panodata/PanoramaOptions.h,
	  src/hugin_base/panotools/PanoToolsInterface.cpp: support for
	  libpano13's panini

2008-12-22 01:15  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/CMakeLists.txt: don't install
	  CMakeLists.txt

2008-12-22 01:12  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/about.htm.in: updated credits

2008-12-19 16:45  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/cp_editor_panel.xrc: Renamed and replaced
	  celeste button in cp_editor_panel. It is not part of normal
	  "vertical" oriented workflow. The new alignment gives more room
	  for the images too.

2008-12-19 08:43  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/assistant_panel.xrc: [OSX]Increased spacer
	  size in assistantpanel between "align" and "Create panorama"
	  button as the resulting align text was written through the
	  "Create panorama" button on the Mac

2008-12-17 15:35  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/base_wx/MyExternalCmdExecDialog.cpp: [OSX]Undo
	  svn3398. This was a patch for the badly reproducible bug 2075064
	  that caused CP generation problems on SOME PPCs. The bugfix
	  however had the result that the CP generation process ended in
	  error on ALL PPCs

2008-12-17 14:03  blimbo

	* src/celeste/Celeste.cpp: Celeste support for 16bit images

2008-11-26 01:59  btownshend

	* src/hugin_base/vigra_ext/lut.h: Missing conversion to double in
	  expression resulting in integer arithmetic

2008-11-18 18:09  blimbo

	* src/celeste/Main.cpp: minor changes to celeste_standalone

2008-11-18 17:38  blimbo

	* src/celeste/Celeste.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: removed celeste debug stuff

2008-11-18 14:04  yuv

	* CMakeModules/FindExiv2.cmake: typo

2008-11-18 13:17  blimbo

	* src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: Fixed imagespanel typo

2008-11-18 06:12  yuv

	* CMakeModules/FindExiv2.cmake: find exiv2 either in the old
	  Windows SDK (0.16) or in the generic folder exiv2 if built from
	  source

2008-11-17 22:34  blimbo

	* src/celeste/Celeste.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: cpeditor mac debug code

2008-11-17 17:49  yuv

	* src/foreign/levmar/CMakeLists.txt: fixed build on AMD64
	  architectures
	  http://www.gentoo.org/proj/en/base/amd64/howtos/index.xml?part=1&chap=3

2008-11-16 15:28  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt: Don't put celeste_standalone binary in tarball

2008-11-15 18:14  blimbo

	* src/celeste/Celeste.cpp: Debug stuff for OSX

2008-11-14 16:14  blimbo

	* src/celeste/data/celeste.model, src/celeste/svm.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: Changed to svm.cpp to read
	  model file + license properly

2008-11-14 04:12  yuv

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp: Celeste - user warning
	  instead of DEBUG_WARN with

2008-11-13 22:27  blimbo

	* src/celeste/data/celeste.model, src/celeste/svm.cpp: added a
	  license to celeste svm model file

2008-11-13 21:27  blimbo

	* src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: celeste progress dialogue in
	  AssistantPanel improvement

2008-11-13 21:05  blimbo

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: Added celeste progress dialogue
	  and small bug fix in ImagesPanel

2008-11-13 19:04  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: Rules for generating vrml2
	  and x3d output from equirectangular, completely untested

2008-11-12 17:45  blimbo

	* src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: Added some missing includes to
	  ImagesPanel.cpp

2008-11-12 13:50  blimbo

	* src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pref_dialog.xrc: Changed some text in the
	  celeste preferences dialogue

2008-11-12 12:54  blimbo

	* src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt, src/celeste/CelesteDebug.cpp,
	  src/celeste/CelesteDebug.h, src/celeste/data/celeste.model,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: Removed debug code, saved
	  celeste model file as DOS format

2008-11-11 19:02  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp: undo local change to
	  CPEditorPanel.cpp

2008-11-11 18:51  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp, src/hugin_config_mac.h:
	  [OSX]implement celeste into mac hugin bundle. celeste in
	  CPEditorPanel still crashes Hugin

2008-11-10 17:25  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/complete-bundle.sh: Ugly
	  hack to get correct celeste.dylib into bundle

2008-11-10 14:28  blimbo

	* src/celeste/CelesteDebug.cpp: added wxstring include

2008-11-09 20:16  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/scripted_universal_build/01-Compile_hugin_0.8.sh: improved
	  but not yet 100% correct

2008-11-09 19:40  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp: Removed dutch "debug"
	  comment

2008-11-09 19:37  harryvanderwolf

	* src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp: Another minor change build
	  0.8 on Mac with XCode

2008-11-09 19:04  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Hugin.xcodeproj/project.pbxproj, mac/complete-bundle.sh:
	  Hugin XCode project modified to support at least the OpenGL fast
	  preview. Need to work on celeste model and PTBatcher(Gui)

2008-11-08 15:29  blimbo

	* src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt, src/celeste/CelesteDebug.cpp,
	  src/celeste/CelesteDebug.h, src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp:
	  Even more wxmessage boxes for windows debugging

2008-11-08 04:53  yuv

	* src/hugin_base/panodata/SrcPanoImage.cpp: alternative crop factor
	  calculation for Olympus C-765 UZ and potentially other Olympus
	  cameras.

2008-11-07 22:15  dangelo

	* src/tools/autooptimiser.cpp: autooptimiser bugfix: allow reading
	  the script from stdin

2008-11-06 23:41  brunopostle

	* doc/batch-processing/Makefile.flickr.mk,
	  doc/batch-processing/Makefile.psd.mk,
	  doc/batch-processing/Makefile.qtvr.mk,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: cleanup

2008-11-06 17:02  blimbo

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp: Windows debugging messages
	  via wx alert boxes

2008-11-05 19:46  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: rule to make multilayer
	  PSD using PTtiff2psd

2008-11-04 23:54  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: Rule to make a cube strip
	  for use with SPi-V

2008-11-04 11:44  blimbo

	* src/celeste/Celeste.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp: More
	  celeste debug stuff for windows

2008-11-03 23:33  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: Rule to create simple
	  panosalado output, untested

2008-11-01 00:29  brunopostle

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.desktop: Russian text for PTBatcher
	  menu entry (Alexandre Prokoudine)

2008-10-25 12:44  harryvanderwolf

	* mac/Version.xcconfig: update mac Versioning config file

2008-10-25 06:12  dangelo

	* src/hugin_base/algorithms/panorama_makefile/PanoramaMakefileExport.cpp:
	  merged rev 3519 from release-0.7.0 into trunk

2008-10-23 21:07  dangelo

	* src/hugin_base/vigra_ext/ImageTransforms.h: fix: [ 1850469 ] nona
	  outputs negative samples.
	  Negative values are now set to 0

2008-10-23 12:31  blimbo

	* src/PTBatcher/Batch.cpp, src/celeste/Celeste.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp: More debugging code for
	  Celeste/Windows

2008-10-22 20:13  harryvanderwolf

	* CMakeLists.txt: Removal of unwanted and weird "if(NOT NO_SVN)"
	  setting

2008-10-22 20:06  harryvanderwolf

	* CMakeLists.txt: First step to get cmake cross compilation back on
	  MacOSX to be able to build on Leopard for both Tiger and Leopard

2008-10-22 15:57  yuv

	* CMakeModules/win_bundle.cmake: enblend is now enblend-enfuse.

2008-10-22 14:56  blimbo

	* src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: Channed iterator to
	  const_iterator in ImagesPanel.cpp - caused probs on Windows

2008-10-20 19:15  dangelo

	* src/translations/zh_CN.po: Updated Chinese simplified translation
	  (Lu Fang)

2008-10-17 23:16  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: A rule to make a
	  multilayer TIFF file, this should really be
	  in the standard .pto.mk file

2008-10-15 11:47  harryvanderwolf

	* src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt: Celeste overwrites main project CMAKE
	  settings. This breaks APPLE cross compilation. Changed to append
	  statement

2008-10-14 21:08  brunopostle

	* src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.desktop: .desktop files don't work
	  with CRLF line-endings

2008-10-14 20:23  blimbo

	* src/celeste/Celeste.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp: Added some debug code for
	  Celeste/Windows

2008-10-14 08:28  yuv

	* ., CMakeLists.txt, CMakeModules/FindGLEW.cmake: - CMake top level
	  now stores the revision number in rev.txt for tarball perusal
	  - moved the Windows GLEW settings from top level to
	  CMakeModules/FindGLEW.cmake

2008-10-13 23:33  blimbo

	* src/celeste/ContrastFilter.h, src/celeste/GaborFilter.cpp,
	  src/celeste/GaborJet.h, src/celeste/LogPolar.h,
	  src/celeste/PGMImage.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ImagesPanel.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/images_panel.xrc: Added Celeste button to
	  images panel, patched fix for bug 2161163

2008-10-13 21:38  brunopostle

	* CMakeLists.txt: bump version to 0.8.0

2008-10-13 20:09  brunopostle

	* src/celeste/training/CelesteTrain.cpp: Fix error: first argument
	  of ‘int main(unsigned int, char**)’ should be ‘int’
	  bug #2161163 (Lukas Jirkovsky)

2008-10-13 20:07  brunopostle

	* src/celeste/Main.cpp: Fix error: first argument of ‘int
	  main(unsigned int, const char**)’ should be ‘int’
	  bug #2161163 (Lukas Jirkovsky)

2008-10-13 20:04  brunopostle

	* src/celeste/GaborGlobal.h, src/celeste/PGMImage.h: gcc-4.3.0
	  fixes (bug #2161163)

2008-10-13 05:46  yuv

	* src/celeste/Config.h: - reverting my mistake at rev.3494
	  (Config.h)

2008-10-13 00:07  yuv

	* README: updated README file
	  http://groups.google.com/group/hugin-ptx/t/7746341c4883d053

2008-10-12 22:57  yuv

	* CMakeLists.txt: - updates SVN revision automatically in Windows
	  build (bringing it to the same level of functionality as the *nix
	  platforms

2008-10-12 21:58  yuv

	* src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt, src/celeste/Config.h,
	  src/celeste/LICENCE_GABOR, src/celeste/LICENCE_LIBSVM,
	  src/celeste/training/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/celeste/training/CelesteTrain.cpp,
	  src/celeste/training/CelesteTrain.h, src/celeste/training/README,
	  src/celeste/training/get_flickr_clouds.pl,
	  src/celeste/training/svm_learn_class_10_fold.pl: - complete the
	  merge from gsoc2008_sky_identification branch
	  - fix build of celeste in Windows
	  - reduce cmake verbosity in Windows

2008-10-10 11:22  blimbo

	* src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt, src/celeste/Celeste.cpp: Added some
	  CFLAGS for Windows

2008-10-10 09:53  blimbo

	* CMakeLists.txt, src/CMakeLists.txt, src/celeste,
	  src/celeste/CMakeLists.txt, src/celeste/Celeste.cpp,
	  src/celeste/Celeste.h, src/celeste/CelesteGlobals.cpp,
	  src/celeste/CelesteGlobals.h, src/celeste/Config.h,
	  src/celeste/Config.h.linux, src/celeste/Config.h.win32,
	  src/celeste/ContrastFilter.cpp, src/celeste/ContrastFilter.h,
	  src/celeste/Gabor.cpp, src/celeste/Gabor.h,
	  src/celeste/GaborFilter.cpp, src/celeste/GaborFilter.h,
	  src/celeste/GaborGlobal.h, src/celeste/GaborJet.cpp,
	  src/celeste/GaborJet.h, src/celeste/ImageFile.cpp,
	  src/celeste/ImageFile.h, src/celeste/LogPolar.cpp,
	  src/celeste/LogPolar.h, src/celeste/Main.cpp,
	  src/celeste/PGMImage.cpp, src/celeste/PGMImage.h,
	  src/celeste/Utilities.cpp, src/celeste/Utilities.h,
	  src/celeste/data, src/celeste/data/celeste.model,
	  src/celeste/svm.cpp, src/celeste/svm.h, src/celeste/training,
	  src/celeste/training/README,
	  src/celeste/training/create_svm_data_10_fold.pl,
	  src/celeste/training/parse_results.pl,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/AssistantPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CPEditorPanel.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreferencesDialog.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/config_defaults.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/cp_editor_panel.xrc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pref_dialog.xrc: Integration of sky
	  identification code

2008-10-09 21:33  yuv

	* platforms/windows/smartblend-wrapper/smartblend-hugin-windows-readme.txt:
	  updated instructions for smartblend wrapper

2008-10-09 14:17  yuv

	* platforms/windows/smartblend-wrapper,
	  platforms/windows/smartblend-wrapper/smartblend-hugin-windows-readme.txt,
	  platforms/windows/smartblend-wrapper/smartblend-hugin.bat: added
	  smartblend wrapper by Bart van Andel

2008-10-08 23:40  brunopostle

	* src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/Makefile.equirect.mk: Updated Makefile for
	  generating qtvr etc...

2008-10-08 22:44  yuv

	* CMakeLists.txt, src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp, src/hugin_config_msvc.h: -
	  updated fast preview to include GLEW library statically
	  - notched CMakeLists.txt to build against wxWidgets 2.8.9

2008-10-08 09:35  dangelo

	* ., CMakeLists.txt, CMakeModules/FindGLEW.cmake,
	  src/CMakeLists.txt, src/PTBatcher, src/PTBatcher/Batch.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcher/Batch.h, src/PTBatcher/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher.cpp, src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher.desktop,
	  src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher.h, src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher_rc.aps,
	  src/PTBatcher/PTBatcher_rc.rc, src/PTBatcher/ProjectArray.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcher/ProjectArray.h, src/PTBatcher/RunStitchFrame.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcher/RunStitchFrame.h, src/PTBatcherGUI,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.cpp, src/PTBatcherGUI/BatchFrame.h,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/CMakeLists.txt, src/PTBatcherGUI/DirTraverser.h,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.desktop,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI.h,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI_rc.aps,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/PTBatcherGUI_rc.rc,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.cpp,
	  src/PTBatcherGUI/ProjectListBox.h, src/hugin1/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/base_wx/MyExternalCmdExecDialog.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/base_wx/MyExternalCmdExecDialog.h,
	  src/hugin1/base_wx/RunStitchPanel.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/base_wx/RunStitchPanel.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/CMakeLists.txt,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ChoosyRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ChoosyRemapper.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/GLPreviewFrame.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/GLRenderer.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GLRenderer.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/GLViewer.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/MainFrame.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/MeshManager.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/MeshManager.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/MeshRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/MeshRemapper.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/OutputProjectionInfo.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/OutputProjectionInfo.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/PanoPanel.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewCropTool.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewCropTool.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDifferenceTool.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDragTool.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewDragTool.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewIdentifyTool.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewPanoMaskTool.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewPanoMaskTool.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewTool.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewTool.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewToolHelper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/PreviewToolHelper.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/TexCoordRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/TexCoordRemapper.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/TextureManager.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/VertexCoordRemapper.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/VertexCoordRemapper.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/ViewState.cpp, src/hugin1/hugin/ViewState.h,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/huginApp.cpp,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/crop_tool.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/crop_tool.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/document-new.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/document-open.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/drag_tool.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/drag_tool.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/emblem-symbolic-link.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/emblem-unreadable.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/folder-saved-search.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/go-jump.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/help_en_EN/Hugin_Batch_Stitcher.html,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/identify_tool.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/identify_tool.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/image-missing.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/list-add.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/list-remove.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/media-floppy.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/media-playback-pause.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/media-playback-start.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/media-playback-stop.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/media-skip-forward.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/photometric.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/photometric.svg,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/process-stop.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/process-stop16.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/data/process-stop22.png,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/main_menu.xrc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/pano_panel.xrc,
	  src/hugin1/hugin/xrc/preview_frame.xrc,
	  src/hugin_base/hugin_math/hugin_math.h: merged
	  gsoc2008_integration branch into the trunk.

2008-09-30 22:47  ippei

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/enblend.sh,
	  mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/enblend3.sh,
	  mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/enblend31.sh: Mac: enblend 3.2
	  released

2008-09-30 09:01  ippei

	* mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/libpng.sh,
	  mac/ExternalPrograms/scripts/static/libpng.sh: Mac: libpng
	  update.

2008-09-27 15:21  yuv

	* platforms/windows/installer/installer_howto.txt: installer howto

2008-09-23 10:50  yuv

	* platforms/linux/smartblend, platforms/linux/smartblend.README:
	  Bob Bright: script to convert blender arguments for smartblend

2008-09-23 10:36  yuv

	* README: updated README file
	  - info from James Legg about Compiz incompatibility
	  - reformatted headers

2008-09-15 11:44  harryvanderwolf

	* platforms/mac/droplets/scripts,
	  platforms/mac/droplets/scripts/Align_Enfuse_droplet.applescript,
	  platforms/mac/droplets/scripts/Auto_Align_Enfuse_droplet.applescript,
	  platforms/mac/droplets/scripts/Auto_Enfuse_droplet.applescript,
	  platforms/mac/droplets/scripts/Enfuse_droplet.applescript: [OSX]
	  text version of enfuse/align_image_stack Applescripts were
	  missing

2008-09-14 20:49  brunopostle

	* ChangeLog: really update changelog for rc6

